[C3] Skip empty summary rows (#5483)
cloudflare/workers-sdk: .changeset/quick-cheetahs-attack.md

---
"create-cloudflare": patch
---

> Skip empty next steps in the output summary. Previously, they would log undefined undefined.

Reviewer: given the PR's change I would update the changeset 🙏 

something along these lines would be great 🙂
```suggestion
fix: make sure that using the current directory doesn't generate an `undefined undefined` log in the output summary.
```

the `fix:` prefix is as per our [changesets convention](https://github.com/cloudflare/workers-sdk/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md#changeset-message-format)
